1. Liang, Y. L., 1958. On some new species of Naididae from Nanking including remarks of certain known species. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 1958: 14-58.

2.  Liang, Y. L., 1962. On some naids and tubificids from north-eastern China. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, (2): 14-26.

3.  Liang, Y. L., 1963. Studies on the aquatic Oligochaeta of China .descriptions of new naids and branchiobdellids. Acta Zoological Sinica, 15(4): 560-570.

4.  Liang, Y. L., 1964. Studies on the aquatic Oligochaeta of China .On some species of Naididae from Sinkiang with description of a new species, _Allodero prosetosa_. Acta Zoological Sinica, 16(4):643-652.

5.  Liang, Y. L. & K. H. Chang, 1964. The innate capacity for natural increase of _Daphnia Carinata_ King. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 5(1): 31-36.  

6. Chen, Q. Y., Liang, Y. L., Sung K. P. & Wang, S. T., 1975. On ecological distributions and population densities of mollusca in Lake Tung-Hu, Wuchang.  Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 5(3): 371-379.

7.  Chen, chih-yu, Sung kuei-pao, 1975. A preliminary study on reproduction and growth of the snail, Bellamya aeruginosa (reeve). Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 5(4): 519-534.

8.  The Fourth Laboratory, Institute of Hydrobiology, Hupei Province and the Tunghu State fish farm In Wuhan, 1976. Experiment on increasing fishery production of Lake Tung-Hu, Wuchang, and an analysis of the underlying principle. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 6(1): 5-15.

9.   Chen, Q. Y., 1979. A report on mollusca in Lake Huama, Hubei Province. Oceanologiaet Limnologia Sinica. 10(1): 46-66.

10. Liang, Y. L., 1979. Studies on the aquatic Oligochaeta of China. .Aquatic Oligochaeta of the Huama Lake. Oceanologiaet Limnologia Sinica. 10(3):273-281.

11. Liang, Y. L., H. C. Fang & T. N. Chang, 1979. A new genus and species of Enchytraeidae from Tibet. Acta Zootaxonomica Sinica, 4(4):312-315.

12. Chen, Q. Y., Y. L.Liang  &  T. H. Wu, 1980. Studies on community
structure and dynamics of zoobenthos in Lake Dong Hu, Wuhan. Acta
Hydrobiologica Sinica, 7(1):41-56.

13. Wang J.& Y. L. Liang, 1981. An estimation of the potential productivity
and stocking rate of fingerlings of Silver and Bighead carps in Donghu by
manes of Phytoplankton production. Journal of Fisheries of China,
5(4):343-350.

14. Wang J.& G. H. Shen , 1981. The primary production of the phytoplankton of lake Donghu its correlation with various ecological factors. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 7(3):195-312.

15.  Liang, Y. L., J. M. Melack & J. Wang, 1981. Primary production and fish yields in Chinese ponds and lakes. Transactions of the American Fisheries Society, 110:346-350.

16. Melack, J. M., Y. L. Liang & P. H. Lenz, 1981. Ecological responses of the plankton of Mono Lake to increased salinity. UCSB Mono Lake Symposium.

17. Chen, Q. Y., Liang Y. L., Wu T. H., 1982. Physical and chemical characteristics of tow highly productive small lakes in the suburbs of Wuhan Shi with referrance to the analysis of their biological phase. Journal of Fisheries of China, 6(4):331-343.

18. Chen, Q. Y., C. X. Xie, Y. L. Liang &  S. D.Wang, 1982. Preliminary study on population densities and seasonal fluctuation of zoobenthos In Wangtian Lake, Hubei Province. Oceanologiaet Limnologia Sinica, 13(1):78-86.

19. Chen, Q. Y., Wu T. H., 1983. Ecological aspects of mollusca in the lower reaches (Nanjing to Jiangyin ) of Changjiang River (the Yangtze River ). Transitions of the Chinese society of malacology, No. 1. Science Press, Beijing, pp. 103-114.

20.  Wang, J., Wang Jian, 1984. Some problems in the conversion among chlorophyll a, biomass, and production of phytoplankton. Wuhan Botanical Research, 2(2): 249-258.

21.  Wang, J., & J. Wang, 1984. The method for the determination of chlorophyll and phaeopigments in phytoplankton. Wuhan Botanical Research, 2(2): 321-328.

22. Zhuang, D. H., Y. L. Liang & G. Q. Deng, 1984. Toxicity of Mercuric Chloride to Daphnia Magna Straus, with special emphasis on long-term tests. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 8(4): 449-456.

23. Zhuang, D.H., Y. L. Liang & M. J. Sun, 1984. Ecological effects of BHC on Daphnia Magna Straus. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 8(3): 259-269.

24.  Liang, Y. L., 1984. Annual production of _Branchiura sowerbyi_ (Oligochaeta, Tubificidae) in the Donghu Lake, Wuhan, China. Chinese Journal of Oceanology and Limnology, 2(1): 102-108. 

25.  Xie, C. X., 1985. Utilizing benthos to monitor pollution of pesticides in Yanjia Lake. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 9(1): 40-50.

26.  Wu, T. H.& Q. Y. Chen, 1986. Densities and distribution of zoobenthos in the lower reaches (Nanjing-Jiangyin section) of Changjiang (the Yangtze) River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 10(1): 73-85.

27.  Zhuang, D. H.& Y. L.Liang, 1986. Growth, reproduction and population growth form of _Daphnia magna_ Straus. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 10(1): 24-31.

28.   Chen, Q. Y., 1987. A preliminary study on the population dynamics and annual production of _Bellamya aeruginosa_ (reeve) in lake Donghu, Wuhan. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 11(2): 117-130.

29.  Liang, Y. L., 1987. Preliminary study of the aquatic Oligochaeta of the Changjiang (Yangtze) River. Hydrobiologia, 155: 195-198.

30. Liang, Y. L., J. Wang & C. L. Hu, 1988. Hydrobiology of a flooding ecosystem, Lake Chenhu in Hanyang, Hubei, with preliminary estimation of its potential fishery production capacity. Chinese Journal of Oceanology and Limnology, **** l6 (1): 1-14.

31. Brinkhurst, R. O., S. Qi & Y. L. Liang, 1990. The aquatic Oligochaeta from the People's Republic of China. Canadian Journal of Zoology, 68: 901-916.

32. Erseus, C., D. Y. Sun, Y. L. Liang & B. Sun, 1990. Marine Oligochaeta of
Jiaozhou Bay, Yellow Sea coast of China. Hydrobiologia, 202: 107-124.


33.  Liang, Y. L., J. Wang & C. L. Hu, 1991. Hydrobiology of a flooding ecosystem, Chenhu Lake in Hanyang, Hubei, with preliminary estimation of its potential fishery production capacity. In Z. Z. Ruan  (ed), The Proceeding of Resource, Ecology, Environment and Economy in Yangtze Basin. Science Press, Beijing: 388-397.

34. Wang J.& Y. L. Liang, 1991. Seasonal dynamics of planktonic algae in the middle reach (Wuhan section) of the Changjiang River. In Z. Z. Ruan (ed), The Proceeding of Resource, Ecology, Environment and Economy in Yangtze Basin. Science Press, Beijing: 196-203.

35.  Wang J. & Y. L. Liang, 1991. Ecological characteristics of planktonic algae in Gezhouba Reservior. **** In Z. Z. Ruan  (ed), The Proceeding of Resource, Ecology, Environment and Economy in Yangtze Basin. Science Press, Beijing: 211-217.

36. Wang Ji, J.Wang & L. J. Lin, 1991. Ecological features of planktonic
algae and the estimations of potential fishery capacity for Silver Carp and
Bighead Carp in Lakes Wuhuang and Makou.  In Z. Z. Ruan  (ed), The Proceeding
of Resource, Ecology, Environment and Economy in Yangtze Basin. Science Press,
Beijing: 218-223.


37. Cai, Q. H., R. Q. Liu, D. F. Li, L. Y. Ni, Z. T. Wu & Y. L. Liang, 1992.
Comprehensive evaluation of trophic states of water systems in Fengqiu
experimental area of Huang-Huai-Hai Plain. Journal of Lake Sciences,
4(2):46-51.

38.  Li, D. F., R. Q. Liu, L.Y. Ni, Z. T. Wu, Q. H. Cai & Y. L. Liang, 1992. Physicochemical characteristics and multivariate analysis of waters In Fengqiu Experimental District In The Huang-Huai-Hai Plain, Henna Province. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 16(3):251-259.  


39.  Liang, Y. L., Q. H. Cai, J. Wang & Z. S. Li, 1994. Comprehensive environmental analyses and similarity of fresh water ecosystems around the Chinese Zhongshan Station, Antarctica. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 18(1): 92-94.


40. Cai, Q. H.& Y. L.Liang, 1995. Basic characters of wetlands in The
Huanghuaihai Plain. Chen, Y. Y. (ed)Study of Wetlands in China, Jilin Sciences
and Technology Press, Jilin: 299-305 **.**

41. Cai, Q. H., Z. T. Wu, D. F. Li & Y. L. Liang, 1995. Preliminary report on in situ experiment of zooplankton in Caogang Lake, Henan Province. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 19(2): 190-192.

42.  Li, D. F., Q. H. Cai  & Y. L. Liang, 1995. Food preference of grass carp for some aquatic macrophytes. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 219-226.

43. Liang, Y. L., Q. H. Cai  & D. F. Li, 1995. Mathematical analyses of relationship between grass carp and aquatic macrophytes of Baoan Lake, Hubei. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 213-218.

44. Liang, Y. L., Q. H. Cai  & Z. G. Su, 1995. Dynamics of aquatic macrophytes and their relationship with some environmental factors of Baoan Lake, Hubei. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 172-177.

45. Liang, Y. L. & H. Q. Liu, Resources, environment and fishery ecological
management of macrophytic lakes, 1995. Science Press, Beijing: 1-335.

46. Liang, Y. L., T. H. Wu  & Z. C. Xie, 1995. On The current conditions of zoobenthos in Baoan Lake with an assessment of its potential fishery production capacity. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 178-193.

47. Liang, Y. L., T. H. Wu  &  Z. C. Xie, 1995. A preliminary investigation of zoobenthos and its potential fishery production capacity in Xiliang Lake. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 194-204.

48. Ni, L. Y., Q. H. Cai, D. F. Li, R. Q. Liu, Z. T. Wu & Y. L. Liang, 1995. Aquatic vegetation in the Fengqiu experimental area of the Huanghuaihai Plain. Journal of Lake Sciences, 7(4): 357-364.

49. Wang J.& Y. L. Liang, 1995. The annual dynamics of density, biomass and production of phytoplankton of Baoan Lake with estimation of potential fishery production capacity of this resource. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 61-88.

50. Wang J. & Y. L. Liang, 1995. A preliminary study on the structure and abundance of the attached algae in Baoan Lake. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 109-119.

51. Wang J.& Y. L. Liang, 1995. The seasonal variations of standing crop and production of planktonic algae and the estimation of potential fishery capacity of Xiliang lake. In: Y. L. Liang & H. Q. Liu (eds), Resources, Environment and Fishery Ecological Management of Macrophytic Lakes,  Science Press, Beijing: 89-108.


52. Cai, Q. H., H. Z. Wang & Y. L. Liang, 1996. Stepwise discriminant
analysis for the ecological characters of 18 lakes around the Chinese
Zhongshan Station and Great Wall Station, Antarctica. Acta Hydrobiologica
Sinica, 20(1): 83-85.

53.  Wang J., 1996. The trend of biodiversity changes of planktonic algae in the reverse succession of macrophyte-type lakes in middle reaches of the Changjiang River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 20 (supplement): 120-131.

54.  Wang J., 1996. Seasonal variations of diversity of periphytic algae in macrophyte-type lake of middle reach of the Changjiang River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 20(supplement): 132-140.

55.   Wang J., 1996. Preliminary study on the effect of enclosure fish-farming to algae diversity in macrophyte-type lake. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 20 (supplement): 149-155.

56.   Wang J., Z. C. Xie, R. Q. Liu & Z. H. Guan , 1996. Preliminary study on  production of periphytic algae of Baoan lake. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 20(supplement) : 141-148.

57.   Xie, Z. C., 1996. The influence of enclosure aquaculture on zoobenthic diversity in Baoan Lake. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 20 (supplement): 90-95. 

58.  Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang & T. H. Wu, 1996. Diversity of zoobenthos in lakes in the medium reaches of Changjiang River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 20 (supplement): 103-113.

59.   Xie, Z. C., J. Wang,  R. Q. Liu & Z. H. Guan, 1996. A preliminary study on the structure and abundance of the attached macroinvertebrates in Baoan Lake. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 20 (supplement): 96-102.


60. Cai, Q. H., J. Wang, Z. S. Li, W. S. Feng, H. Z. Wang & Y. L. Liang,
1997. Evaluation of environmental quality of some lakes around Chinese
Zhongshan Station and Great Wall Station, Antactic, based on trophic state
index. Oceanologia et Limnologia Sinica, 28(Supplement): 134-138.

61.  Li, Z. S., J. Wang, Z. H. Lei, X. M. Liang, X. D. Chen & Y. L. Liang, 1997. Hydrochemical properties of Lakes In Larsemann Hill, Antarctic. Chinese Journal of Polar Research, 9(1):71-77.

62.  Li, Z. S., J. Wang , H. Z. Wang, X. M. Liang, W. S. Feng, Z. H. Lei, X. D. Chen & Y. L. Liang, 1997. A comparative study on hydrochemical properties of lakes on Filds Peninsula, west Antarctic and on Larsemann Hills, East Antarctic. Chinese Journal of Polar Research, 9(3): 176-181.

63.  Liang, Y. L.& Z. C. Xie, 1997. Aquatic Oligochaeta from Wuling Mountains area. D. X. Song (ed.), invertebrate of Wuling Mountains Area, Southwestern China. Science Press, Beijing: 383-394.

64.   Liu, B. Y.& X. M. Liang, 1997. Zoobenthos in Taiping Lake reservoir, Anhui Province. Journal of Lake Sciences, 3: 237-243.

65.  Wang, H. Z. & Y. L. Liang, 1997. Two new species of Oligochaeta (Annelida) from King George Island, Antarctica. Oceanologia et Limnologia Sinica,28 (supplement): 177-184.

66.  Wang J., W. S. Feng & H. Z. Wang, 1997. Temporal and special distribution of Chlorophyll  and primary production of planktonic algae in west lake, Antarctica. Oceanologia et Limnologia Sinica, 28(supplement): 171-176.

67.  Wang J. & Y. L. Liang, 1997. Ecological characteristics of planktonic algae in Mochou Lake near Zhongshan Station in the Antarctica. Oceanologia et Limnologia Sinica, 28 (supplement): 163-170.

68.  Wang J., Y. L. Liang & Z. S. Li, 1997. The composition and distribution of algae in different waters in the Larsemann Hills Area, Antarctica. Oceanologia et Limnologia Sinica,28 (supplement):139-147.

69.  Wang J., Y. L. Liang & Z. S. Li, 1997. Studies on density and biomass of planktonic algae in different waters in the area near Zhongshan Station, Antarctica. Oceanologia et Limnologia Sinica, 28 (Supplement): 155-162.

70.  Wang J., Y. L. Liang, H. Z. Wang & W. S. Feng, 1997. The chlorophyll a content and primary production of planktonic algae in freshwaters of Fildes Peninsula, Antarctica. Oceanologia et Limnologia Sinica, 28 (supplement): 148-154.

71. Wu, J. H., Y. L. Liang & X. D. Sun, 1997. Newly recorded species of free-living nematodes from China (Chromadorida, Enoplida & Araeolaimida). Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 21(4): 312-321.

72.  Wang, H. Z. & Y. L. Liang, 1997. Analyses of distribution and faunal relationship of inland-water microdrile Oligochaeta (Annelida) in the world and China. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 21 (supplement): 93-102.

73.  Wu, J. H. & Y. L. Liang, 1997. Preliminary study on free-living nematodes of Changjiang River Basins of China. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 21 (supplement): 114-122.


74.  Cai, Q. H., D. F. Li, Z. T, Wu, R. Q. Liu, L. Y. Ni & Y. L. Liang, 1998. Study on Structural Characteristics and Material energy Dynamics of Aquatic Ecosystems in Huang-Huai-Hai Plain. In: J. P. Fu & F. A. Xu (eds), Agricultural Ecosystem on the Northern Henan Plain, China Meteorological Press, Beijing: 170-178.

75.  Li, D. F., Q. H. Cai & Y. L. Liang, 1998. Fish Fauna and Fishery Evaluation of Fengqiu Experimental Area of Huang-Huai-Hai Plain. In: J. P. Fu & F. A. Xu (eds), Agricultural Ecosystem on the Northern Henan Plain, China Meteorological Press, Beijing: 186-190.

76.  Li, Z. S., X. D. Chen, Y. H. Zhang, X. M. Liang, J. Wang, & Y. L. Liang, 1998. On the organic compounds in water of Mochou and Heart Lake in Lars Emann Hills, Antarctica. Chinese Journal of Polar Research, 10(2): 83-93.

77.  Liang, Y. L. & H. Z. Wang, 1998. Microdrile oligochaetes (Annelida: Oligochaeta). In: W. Y. Yin (eds.), Pictorial Keys to Soil Animals of China. Science Press, Beijing: 90-98, 476-480.

78. Liang, Y. L., H. Z. Wang & Z. C. Xie, 1998. Studies on the aquatic Oligochaeta of China . Diagnoses of new records and rare species of Naididae and Tubificidae. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 22(1): 54-61.

79.  Wang, H. Z., 1998. Sampling methods of soil annelids. In: R. Z. Zhang, et al. (eds.),  Methods of Soil Zoology. Chinese Forestry Publishing House, Beijing: 42-45.

80.  Wang, H. Z. & Y. L. Liang, 1998. A review of Chinese microdrile oligochaetological study. In: D. S. Niu (ed.), Systematics in China: Retrospect and Prospect. Chinese Forestry Publishing House, Beijing: 49-57.

81. Wu, X. P., H. Z. Wang & Y. L. Liang, 1998. Classification and characters
of freshwater Unionacea (Bivalvia). In: D. S. Niu (ed.), Systematics in China:
Retrospect and Prospect. Beijing: Chinese Forestry Publishing House, pp.69-72.

82. Wu, Z. T., Q. H. Cai, D. F. Li & Y. L. Liang, 1998. Fauna and ecological characteristics of rotifer in Fengqiu experiment area, Huang-Huai-Hai Plain. In: J. P. Fu & F. A. Xu (eds), Agricultural Ecosystem on the Northern Henan Plain, China Meteorological Press, Beijing: 209-217.

83.  Xie, Z. C., Q. H. Cai, D. F. Li & Y. L. Liang, 1998. Preliminary Study on zoobenthos and its potential fishery production capability of some waters in Huang-Huai-Hai Plain. In: J. P. Fu & F. A. Xu (eds), Agricultural Ecosystem on the Northern Henan Plain, China Meteorological Press, Beijing: 191-198.

84. Li, Z. S., X. D. Chen, Y. H. Zhang, X. M. Liang, J. Wang & Y. L. Liang,
1998. On the organic compounds in water of Mochou Lake and Heart Lake in
Larsemann Hills, Antarctoca. Joural of Glaciology and Geocryology, 20(4):
388-397.


85. Liang, Y. L.,1999. Ten years' endeavors on biological facet of _Journal
of Lake Sciences_ : retrospect and prospect. Journal of Lake Sciences, 11(2):
97-98.

86. Liang, Y. L. & H. Z. Wang, 1999. Chapter 3. Community ecology. In: J. K. Liu (ed.), Advanced Hydrobiology.  Science Press, Beijing: 77-99. 

87. Liang, Y. L. & H. Z. Wang, 1999. Chapter 10. Zoobenthos. In: J. K. Liu (ed.), Advanced Hydrobiology. Science Press, Beijing: 241-259. 

88.  Wu, X. P., Y. L. Liang, S. Ouyang, H. Z. Wang & T. H. Wu, 1999. On population ecology of _Sphaerium lacustre_ (M ller) of Donghu Lake, Wuhan, China. In: China Zoological Society (ed.), Zoological Studies in China. Chinese Forestry Publishing House, Beijing: 334-339. 

89.  Wu, X. P., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 1999.A comparative study on glochidial morphology of Unionidae(Bivalvia). Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23(2): 141-145.

90.  Wu, X. P., S. OuYang, Y. L. Liang & Y. F. Yu, 1999. A scanning electron microscopic study of the shells of Unionidae. Journal of Nanchang University (Natural Sciences), 23(1): 58-61.

91. Yan, Y. J. & Y. L. Liang, 1999. A study of dry-to-wet weight ratio of aquatic macroinvertebrates. Journal of Huazhong University of Sciences & Technology, 27(9): 61-63.

92.  Yan, Y. J., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 1999. Production of gastropods in Lake Biandantang . annual production of _Bellamya aeruginosa_. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23(4): 346-351.

93.   Wang, H. Z., Z. C. Xie, X. P. Wu & Y. L. Liang, 1999. A preliminary study of zoobenthos in the Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake of China, and its adjoining reaches of Changjiang River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23 (supplment): 132-138.

94.  Wang J., Y. L. Liang, & Z. C. Xie, 1999. Comparative studies on Chlorophyll _a_ content and production of planktonic algae in a large river-connected lake (the Poyang Lake) and neighboring sections of the Changjiang River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23(supplment): 40-46.

95. Wang, H. Z., 1999. Limnological studies in China: my own experiences and perspectives. RIKUSUI-TSUSHIN, 21: 4-5. (in Japanese)

96.  Wang, H. Z., Z. C. Xie & Y. L. Liang, 1999. Records of Enchytraeidae (Clitellata) from the People's Republic of China. Hydrobiologia, 406: 57-66.

97.  Wang, H. Z., Z. C. Xie, X. P. Wu & Y. L. Liang, 1999. A preliminary study of zoobenthos in the Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake of China, and its adjoining reaches of Changjiang River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23 (supplement): 132-138.

98.  Wu, J. H. & Y. L. Liang. 1999. A comparative study of benthic nematodes in two Chinese lakes with contrasting sources of primary production. Hydrobiologia, 411: 31-37.

99.  Wu, J. H. & Y. L. Liang. 1999. Two new species of Actinolaimidae Thorne, 1939 (Nematoda: Dorylaimida) from China. Journal of Nematology, 31(4): 475-481.

100.  Wu, X. P., Y. L. Liang, H. Z. Wang & S. Ouyang, 1999. Morphological characters of glochidia of Unionidae and the taxonomic significance. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23 (supplement): 139-147.

101.  Xie, Z. C., H. Z. Wang & Y. L. Liang, 1999. Studies on the Enchytraeidae (Oligochaeta, Annelida) of China. I. On new species and new records of the genus _Hemienchytraeus_. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23(4): 352-358.

102.  Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 1999. Taxonomic study on _Fridericia_ (Enchytraeidae, Oligochaeta) along the Changjiang (Yangtze) Basin. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23 (supplement): 158-163.

103.   Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang, J. Wang, H. Z. Wang, R. Q. Liu & W. S. Feng, 1999. Preliminary Studies of macroinvertebrates of the mainstream of the Changjiang (Yangtze) River. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23(supplment): 148-157.

104.   Yan, Y. J. & H. Z. Wang, 1999. Abundance and production of _Branchiura sowerbyi_ (Oligochaeta: Tubificidae) in two typical shallow lakes (Hubei, China).  Chinese Journal of Oceanology and Limnology, 17(1): 79-85. 

105. Yan, Y. J., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 1999. Annual production of five species of Chironomidae (Diptera) in Houhu Lake, a typical algal lake (Wuhan, China). Chinese Journal of Oceanology and Limnology, 17(2): 112-118.

106. Yan, Y. J., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 1999. Energy flow of _Bellamya
aeruginosa_ in a shallow macrophyte-dominated lake, Lake Biandantang. Acta
Hydrobiologica Sinica, 23(supplment): 115-121.

107.  Wu, X. P., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2000. A comparative study on glochidial morphology of Unionidae (Bivalvia). Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 24(3): 252-256.

108.   Wu, X. P., Y. L. Liang, H. Z. Wang, Z. C. Xie & S. OuYang, 2000. Distribution and species diversity of freshwater mollusca of lakes along mid-lower reaches of the Yangtze River. Journal of Lake Sciences, 12(2): 111-118.

109.  Wu, X. P., S. Ou-Yang, Y. L. Liang, H. Z. Wang & Y. F. Yu, 2000. Comparative studies on shell and radular morphology of _Bellamya_ (Gastropoda: Viviparidae). Journal of Nanchang University (Natural Sciences), 24(1): 1-5.

110.  Wang, H. Z., 2000. On the role of EQ. in postgraduate study. Chinese Postgraduate Education, 90(1): 13-14. 

111.  Wang, H. Z., Z. C. Xie & Y. L. Liang, 2000. Seasonal dynamics and vertical distribution of enchytraeid guild __ in Luojianshan, Wuhan, China. In: W. Y. Yin, et al. (eds.), Soil Animals of China. Science Press, Beijing: 182-191. 

112.  Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2000. A new species of _Marionina_ (Oligochaeta: Annelida: Enchytraeidae) Acta Zootaxonomica Sinica, 25(2): 143-146.

113.   Xie, Z. C., J. Wang & Y. L. Liang, 2000. Composition and faunal similarity of aquatic oligochaetes in different waters in the Changjiang River Basin. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 24(5): 451-457.

114.  Yan, Y. J., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2000. Annual production of _Bellamya aeruginosa_ in Houhu Lake, Wuhan. Journal of Lake Sciences, 12(1): 68-72.

115.  Liang, Y. L. & H. Z. Wang, 2000. Annelida, Oligochaeta, Microdrile oligochaetes. In: W. Y. Yin, et al. (ed), Pictorial Keys to Soil Animals of China. Scinece Press, Beijing, 90-98, 473-478.

116. Wang, H. Z., Z. C. Xie & Y. L. Liang, 2000. A new terrestrial species of _Bothrioneurum_ (Oligochaeta, Tubificidae) from Hunan Province, China. Species Diversity, 5 (1): 7-12.

117.  Wu, J. H. & Y. L. Liang, 2000. A new species of Odontolaimus de Man (Nematoda: Odontoliamidae) from Anhui Province, China. Journal of Nematode Morphology and Systematics, 2 (2):109-112.

118. Wu, J. H. & Y. L. Liang, 2000. Inland free-living nematodes in China: a historical review of taxonomic studies with descriptions of _Aphanonchus orientalis_ sp. nov. (Chromadorida: Leptolaimidae) and _Daptonema limnobia_ sp. nov. (Monhysterida: Xyalidae).  Annales Zoologici, 50(2):307-319.

119. Wu, J. H., P. J. Somerfield, M. Austen & Y. L. Liang, 2000. The freeliving nematode genus _Parodontophora_ Timm, 1963 (Nematoda: Monhysterida) is not exclusively marine: _Parodontophora limnophila_ sp. n. from freshwater in China. Hydrobiologia, 431: 205-210.

120.  Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2000. Two new species of _Fridericia_ (Enchytraeidae, Oligochaeta) from Changbaishan Mountain, Jilin Province, China. Species Diversity, 5:53-58.

121.  Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang and H. Z. Wang, 2000. A taxonomic study of _Bryodrilus_ (Enchytraeidae, Oligochaeta) from Changbaishan Mountain, China. Species Diversity, 5: 93-101.

122. Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2000. _Enchytraeus chaoyangensis_ , a new terrestrial culture species (Enchytraeidae, Oligochaeta) from northeastern China. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 42 (1/2):69-72.


123. Yan, Y. J., Y. L. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2001. Production of gastropods In Lake Biandantang . Annual production of _Parafossarulus striatulus_. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica , 25(1): 36-41.

124. Wang, H. Z. & C. Ersus, 2001. Marine Phallodrilinae (Oligochaeta,
Tubificidae) of Hainan Island in southern China. Hydrobiologia, 462: 199-204.

125. Wang, H. Z. & Y. L. Liang, 2001. A preliminary study of oligochaetes in Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake of China, and its vicinity, with description of a new species of _Limnodrilus._ Hydrobiologia, 463: 29-38.

126.  Wu, J. H., P. De Ley & Y. L. Liang, 2001. Description of a new species of the genus _Tylopharynx_ (Nematoda: Diplogasteroidea), _T. clarimphida_ sp. n., with a redescription of _T. foetida_ (B tschli, 1874) Goffort, 1930. Journal of Nematology, 33(2):83-90.

127.   Xie, Z. C., Y. L. Liang & J. Wang, 2001. _Fridericia nanningensis_ , a new terrestrial enchytraeid species (Oligochaeta) from southwestern China. Proceeding of the Biological Society of Washington, 114(1): 275-279.

128. Yan, Y. J., Y. L. Liang, & H. Z. Wang, 2001. Energy flow of _Bellamya
aeruginosa_ in a shallow algal lake, Houhu Lake, Wuhan, China.  Chinese
Journal of Oceanology and Limnology, 19(3):243-248.


129.  Wang, H. Z., 2002. Studies on taxonomy, distribution and ecology of microdrile Oligochaetes of China, with description of two new species from the vicinity Of The Great Wall Station of China, Antarctica. Higher Education Press, Beijing: 228.

130.  Yan, Y. J., Y. L.Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2001. Production of gastropods in Lake Biandantang . Annual production of _Alocinma longicornis_. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica , 26(4): 322-326.

131.  Wang, H. Z. & Y. L. Liang, 2002. Seasonal dynamics and vertical distribution of enchytraeids in Luojiashan, Wuhan, China. Natura Jutlandica _,_ Occasional Papers, 2:17-24.

132.  Wu, J. H., Y. L. Liang, Y. Zhong, C. Zh. Fu & J. K. Chen, 2002. Advances in phylogenetic studies of Nematoda. Chinese Science Bulletin, 47(1):10-15.

133.   Xu, Q. Q., H. Z. Wang & S. P. Zhang,  2003. The impact of overstocking of mitten crab, _Eriocheir Sinensis_ , on lacustrine zoobenthic community. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 27(1):41-46.

134.   Yan, Y. J.& Y. L. Liang, 2003. Energy flow of macrozoobenthic community in a macrophytic lake, Biandantang Lake. Acta Ecologica Sinica, 23(3): 527-538.

135.  Rota, E., C. Ersus & H. Z. Wang, 2003. _Grania ocarina_ sp. n., _G. darwinensis_ (Coates and Stacey) comb. n., and other marine Enchytraeidae (Oligochaeta) from the Dampier area, Western Australia. In: F. E. Wells, D. I. Walker and D. S. Jones (eds) , The Marine Flora and Fauna of Dampier, Western Australia. Western Australian Museum, Perth. pp. 497-511.

136.  Wang, H. Z. & C. Ersus, 2003. Marine species of _Ainudrilus_ and _Heterodrilus_ (Oligochaeta: Tubificidae: Rhyacodrilinae) from Hainan Island in southern China. New Zealand Journal of Marine and Freshwater Research, 37:205-217.

137.  Ersus, C. & H. Z. Wang, 2003. Marine Tubificidae (Oligochaeta) of the Dampier area, Western Australia. In: F. E. Wells, D. I. Walker and D. S. Jones (eds), The Marine Flora and Fauna of Dampier, Western Australia. Western Australian Museum, Perth. 363-393.

138.  Gibson, R. & H. Z. Wang, 2003(2002). A new genus and species of freshwater monostiliferous hoplonemertean (Nemertea, Enopla) from the Peoples Republic of China. Hydrobiologia 489:185-196.

139.    Wang, H. Z. & C. Ersus, 2004. New species of _Doliodrilus_ and other Limnodriloidinae (Oligochaeta, Tubificidae) from Hainan and other parts of the north-west Pacific Ocean. Journal of Natural History, 38: 269-299.

140.    Wu, J. H., C. Z. Fu, Y. L. Liang & J. K. Chen, 2004. Distribution of the meiofaunal community in a eutrophic shallow lake of China. Archiv fur Hydrobiologie, 159(4): 555-575.

141.   Wang, H. Z., H. J. Wang, X. M. Liang, L. Y. Ni, X. Q. Liu & Y. D. Cui. 2005. Empirical modelling of submersed macrophytes in Yangtze lakes. Ecological Modelling,188: 483-491.

142.   Cui, Y. D. & H. Z. Wang. 2005. _Potamothrix scleropenis_ sp. nov. (Oligochaeta: Tubificidae) from the Fuxian Lake, the deepest lake in southwest China. Zoological Science, 22: 1353-1357.

143.   Wang, H. Z., Q. Q. Xu, Z. C. Xie &Y. L. Liang, 2005.  Chapter 2. Resource and environmental characters of small and medium lake, zoobenthos. In Cui, Y. B & Li, Z. J. (eds), Fishery Resources and Conservation of Environment in Lakes of the Changjiang River Basin. Science Press, Beijing: 52-89.

144.   Cui, Y. D. & H. Z. Wang, 2005. Chapter 2. Resource and environmental characters of small and medium lake, macrophytes. In Y. B. Cui & Z. J. Li (eds), Fishery Resources and Conservation of Environment in Lakes of the Changjiang River Basin, Science Press, Beijing: 89-92.

145.     Wang, H. Z., Q. Q. Xu, Z. C. Xie &Y. L. Liang, 2005. Chapter 3. Resource and environmental characters of a large river-joining lake, zoobenthos. In Y. B. Cui & Z. J. Li (eds), Fishery Resources and Conservation of Environment in Lakes of the Changjiang River Basin, Science Press, Beijing,: 143-155.

146.   Wang, H. Z.,  Y. J. Wang & Y. L. Liang, 2005. Chapter 5. Estimation methods for potential fishery production of main stocked animals in lakes, potential production of omnivorous fish. In Y. B. Cui & Z. J. Li (eds), Fishery Resources and Conservation of Environment in Lakes of the Changjiang River Basin, Science Press, Beijing: 304-307.

147.    Ersus, C. & H. Z. Wang, 2005. Marine Tubificidae (Annelida: Clitellata) of the Esperance area, Western Australia, Australia. In: F. E. Well, D. I. Walker and D. S. Jones (eds.), The Marine Flora and Fauna of Esperance, Western Australia. Western Australian Museum, Perth. 399-424.

148.   Wang, H. Z., H. J. Wang, X. M. Liang & Y. D. Cui, 2006. Stocking models of Chinese mitten crab ( _Eriocheir japonica sinensis_ ) in Yangtze lakes. Aquaculture, 255: 456-465.

149.   Liu, X. Q., H. Z. Wang & X. M. Liang, 2006. Food web of macroinvertebrate community in a Yangtze shallow lake: trophic basis and pathway. Hydrobiologia, 571: 283-295. 

150.   Jiang, P. H., X. M. Liang, F. Chen, Y. Y. Zhou & H. Z. Wang, 2006.
Indication of macrophytes-restorable area by spatial pattern of macrobenthos
in a eutrophic Yangtze Lake. Resource and Environment in the Yangtze Basin, 4:
439-445.

153.    Wang, H. J., B. Z. Pan, X. M. Liang & H. Z. Wang. 2006. Gastropods on submerged macrophytes in Yangtze Lakes: community characteristics and empirical modelling. International Review Hydrobiology, 91(6): 521-538.

154.    Son K H, Ji C W, Park Y M, Cui Y D, Wang H Z, Chon T S & Cha E Y. 2006. Recurrent Self-Organizing Map implemented to detection of temporal line-movement patterns of Lumbriculus variegatus (Oligochaeta: Lumbriculidae) in response to the treatments of heavy metal, In: Kungolos A G, Brebbia C A, Samaras C P, Popov V. (Eds), Environmental Toxicology[C], Southampton and Mykonos, 77-92.

155.   Wang, H. Z., Xu, Q. Q., Cui, Y. D. and Liang, Y. L. 2007. Macrozoobenthic community of Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake of China, in the Yangtze floodplain. Limnology, 8: 65-71.

156.    Liu, X. Q. and Wang, H. Z. 2007. Food composition and dietary overlap
of macroinvertebrates in a shallow eutrophic lake in China: spatial and
temporal variations. Fundamental and Applied Limnology, 168: 71-82.

157.     Xie, S. G., Li, Z. J., Liu, J. S., Xie, S. Q., Wang, H. Z. and Murphy, B. R. 2007. Fisheries of the Yangtze River shallow immediate impacts of the Three Gorges Dam. Fisheries, 32: 343-344. 

158.    Rota, E., H. Z. Wang & C. Ersus. 2007. The diverse _Grania_ fauna (Clitellata: Enchytraeidae) of the Esperance area, Western   Australia, with descriptions of two new species. Journal of Natural History, 41(17-20): 999-1023. 

159.    Wang, H. J., X. M. Liang, P. H. Jiang, J. Wang, S. K. Wu & H. Z. Wang. 2008. TN:TP ratio and planktivorous fish do not affect nutrient-chlorophyll relationships in shallow lakes. Freshwater Biology, 53: 935-944. 

160.      Cui, Y. D., X. Q. Liu & H. Z. Wang. 2008. Macrozoobenthic community of Fuxian Lake, the deepest lake of southwest China. Limnologica, 38: 116-125. 

161.   Ru, H. J., X. Q. Liu, X. R. Huang, Y. Z. Ning & H. Z. Wang. 2008. Diversity of fish species and its spatio-temporal variations in Lake Dongting, a large Yangtze-connected lake. Journal of Lake Sciences, 20(1): 93-99. 

162.  Wang, Z. X., Y. D. Cui, X. M. Liang & H. Z. Wang. 2008. Aquatic Oligochaeta from Zhongshan, South China. Chinese Journal of Zoology, 43 (1): 69-74. 

163.   Liu, X. Q. & H. Z. Wang. 2008. Food web of benthic macroinvertebrates in a large Yangtze River-connected lake: the role of flood disturbance. Fundamental and Applied Limnology. 171/4: 297-309.

164.   Pan, B. Z., H. J. Wang, X. M. Liang, Z. X. Wang, F. Y. Shu & H. Z. Wang. 2008. Macrozoobenthos in Yangtze oxbows: community characteristics and causes of resources decline. Journal of Lake Sciences, 20(6): 806-813. 

165.  Cui, Y. D. & H. Z. Wang. 2008. Ecology of macrozoobenthic communities in two plateau lakes of Southwest China. Chinese Journal of Oceanology and Limnology, 26(4): 245-352. 

166.  Wang, H. Z. & Y. D. Cui. 2007/2008. On the studies of Microdrile Oligochaeta and Aeolosomatidae (Annelida) in China: brief history and species checklist. Acta Hydrobiologica Sinica, 31(supplement): 87-98. 

167.  Wang, H. Z. and H. J. Wang, 2008. Loose nitrogen control and focus on phosphorus control in the mitigation of cyanobacteria bloom to reduce the cost of wastewater treatment. Science and Technology Review, 26:10. 

168.  Wang, H. J. and H. Z. Wang, 2008. No need to reduce nitrogen for eutrophication mitigation: findings of a long-term limnological study in China. SIL News, 53: 10-11. 

169.  Wang, H. Z., H. J. Wang. 2008. Ecological effects of river-lake disconnection and restoration strategies in the mid-lower Yangtze Basin, In Z.Y. Wang, D. G. Shao, X. J. Shao, Y. J. Lu & X. H. Duan (eds), Integrated Management of Water, Sediment and Ecology in the Yangtze River Basin. Science Press, Beijing: 379-396.

170.  Cui, Y. D. & H. Z. Wang. 2009. Three new species of Tubificidae, Oligochaeta, from two plateau lakes in Southwest China. Zootaxa,     2143: 45-54.

171.  Pan, B.Z., H.J. Wang, X.M. Liang & H.Z. Wang. 2009. Phytoplankton
chlorophyll a in the Yangtze-connected lakes: present state, influencing
factors and empirical relationships. Fresenius Environmental Bulletin, 18
(10): 1894-1900.

172. Wang, H. J.& H. Z. Wang., 2009. Mitigation of lake eutrophication: loosen nitrogen control and focus on phosphorus abatement. Progress in Natural Science, 19 (11): 1445-1451.

173. Wang, H. J. & H. Z. Wang., 2009. Mitigation of lake eutrophication: loosen nitrogen control and focus on phosphorus abatement. Progress in Natural Science, 196599-604.

174. Zhao, W. H., H. J. Wang, H. Z.Wang & Liu, X. Q., 2009. Conversion methods of freshwater snail tissue dry mass and ash-fry dry mass. Chinese Journal of Applied Ecology, 20 (6): 1452-1458. 

175. Shu, F. Y., H. J. Wang, L. X. Liu & H. Z. Wang, 2009. Assessment of species status of Mollusca in the mid-lower Yangtze Lakes. Acta Hydrobiologia Sinica, 33684-91.

176.Liu, X. Q. & H. Z. Wang, 2010. Estimation of minimum area requirement of
river-connected lakes for fish diversity conservation in the Yangtze River
floodplain. Diversity and Distributions, 16: 932-940.

177.He, X. B., Y. D. Cui & H. Z. Wang, 2010. Limnodrilus simplex sp. nov.
(Oligochaeta: Naididae: Tubificinae) from Changjiang River, China. Zoological
Science, 27: 768-770.

178.Shu, F. Y., F. K?hler & H. Z. Wang, 2010. On the shell and radular
morphology of two endangered species of the genus Margarya Nevill, 1877
(Gastropoda: Viviparidae) from lakes of the Yunnan Plateau, Southwest China .
Molluscan Research 30 (1): 17-24.

179.Yan, F. G., H. J. Wang, H. Z. Wang, T. L. Zhang, W. Li., 2009. Meiofauna
in an algae-dominated shallow Lake: community characteristics with a
discussion on the ecological role. Acta Hydrobiologia Sinica, 34(3): 634-638.

180.Pan, B.Z., H. J. Wang, X. M. Liang & H. Z. Wang, 2011. Macrozoobenthos in
Yangtze floodplain lakes: patterns of density, biomass, and production in
relation to river connectivity. Journal of the North American Benthological
Society, 30(2): 589-602.

181.Zhao, W. H., H. J. Wang, H. Z. Wang & P. G. Close, 2011.
Macroinvertebrates in the bed sediment of the Yellow River. International
Journal of Sediment Research, 26: 255-268.

182.He, X. B., Y. D. Cui, X. Q. Liu & H. Z. Wang, 2011. Macrozoobenthic
community of different habitats in littoral of Lake Baikal. Acta Hydrobiologia
Sinica, 35(3): 516-522.

183.Jiang, P. H., Y. D. Cui, H. J. Wang & H. Z. Wang, 2011. Macrobenthos
communities and bio-assessment of lakes in Hanyang District. Resource and
Environment in the Yangtze Basin, 20(5): 525-533.

184.Pan, B. Z., H. J. Wang, H. Z. Wang & Z. Y. Wang, 2011. Macrozoobenthic
assemblages in relation to environments of the Yangtze-isolated lakes.
Frontiers of Environmental Science & Engineering, 6(2): 246-254.

185.Cui, Y. D. & H. Z. Wang. 2012. Three new species of Potamothrix
(Oligochaeta, Naididae, Tubificinae) from Fuxian Lake, the deepest lake of
Yunnan Province, Southwest China. Zookeys, 175: 1C17.

186.Cui, Y. D. & H. Z. Wang. 2012. Two new species of Potamothrix
(Oligochaeta: Tubificinae) from plateau lakes of Yunnan Province, Southwest
China . Proceedings of the Biological Society of Washington, 125(1): 12-17.

187.Ohtaka A., S.R. Gelder, M. Nishino, M. Ikeda, H. Toyama, Y. D. Cui, X. B.
He, H. Z. Wang, R. B. Chen & Z. Y. Wang. 2012. Distributions of two
ectosymbionts, branchiobdellidans (Annelida: Clitellata) and scutariellids
(Platyhelminthes: Turbellaria: Temnocephalida), on atyid shrimp (Arthropoda:
Crustacea) in southeast China. Journal of Natural History, 46: 25-26,
1547-1556.

188.Peng ZenghuiHe XuebaoFeng WeisongCui Yongde.2013.Macrozoobenthic community
structure in different types of habitat, Zenjiang Reach, the Yangtze River,
China.Resources and Enviroment in the Yangtze Basin,  22(4):433-438.

189.Yangmin QIN , Bertrand FOURNIER, Enrique LARA, Yansheng GU, Hongmei WANG,
Yongde CUI,Xiaoke ZHANG, Edward A. D. MITCHELL.2013. Relationships between
testate amoeba communities and water quality in Lake Donghu,a large alkaline
lake in Wuhan, China. Front. Earth Sci. DOI 10.1007/s11707-013-0352-4.

190.Fengyue Shu , Frank Kohler , Cuichang Fu d & Hongzhu Wang.2013. A new
species of Gyraulus (Gastropoda: Planorbidae) from Ancient Lake Lugu, Yunnan-
Guizhou Plateau,Southwest China. Molluscan Research, Vol. 33, No. 1, 34C39

191. HAI-JUN WANG, HONG-ZHU WANG, XIAO-MIN LIANG AND SHI-KAI WU. 2014. Total
phosphorus thresholds for regime shifts are nearly equal in subtropical and
temperate shallow lakes with moderate depths and areas. Freshwater Biology,
doi: 10.1111/fwb.12372.

192.HAI-JUN WANG AND HONG-ZHU WANG..2014. Macrophyte effects on algal
turbidity in subtropical versus temperate lakes: a reply to Dolman (2014).
Freshwater Biology , 59: 2659C2660.

192. Baozhu Pan, Hongzhu Wang, Haijun Wang. 2014. A floodplain-scale lake
classification based on characteristics ofmacroinvertebrate assemblages and
corresponding environmentalproperties. Limnologica ,49: 10C17.

193. Xiaoke Zhanga, Xueqin Liua, Hongzhu Wang.2014. Developing water level
regulation strategies for macrophytesrestoration of a large river-disconnected
lake, China. Ecological Engineering, 68 :25C31.

194. Yu Peng, Hongzhu Wang, Yongde Cui. 2014. Two species of Naididae
(Annelida, Clitellata) from southern Tibet, China. ZooKeys, 444: 59C68.

195. SHU Feng-Yue, WANG Hai-Jun, CUI Yong-De1 and WANG Hong-Zhu. 2014.
DIVERSITY AND DISTRIBUTION PATTERN OF FRESHWATER MOLLUSCS IN THE YANGTZE RIVER
BASIN. ACTA HYDROBIOLOGICA SINICA, 38(1):19-25.

196. Bao-Zhu Pan , Hong-Zhu Wang , Xuan Ban , Xin-An Yin. 2014. An
exploratory analysis of ecological water requirements of macroinvertebrates in
the Wuhan branch of the Yangtze River. Quaternary International, xxx : 1-6

197.Yu, Q., H. Z. Wang, Y. Li, J. C. Shao, X. M. Liang, E. Jeppesen & H. J.
Wang. 2015. Effects of high nitrogen concentrations on the growth of submersed
macrophytes at moderate phosphorus concentrations. Water Research, 83,
385-395.

198..Martinsson, S., Y. D. Cui, P. J. Martin, A. Pinder, K. Quinlan, M. J.
Wetzel & C. Ersus. 2015. DNA-barcoding ofinvasive European earthworms
(Clitellata: Lumbricidae) in south-western Australia. Biological Invasions,
17: 2527-2532.

199.Zhang, X., X. Liu & H. Wang. 2015. Effects of water level fluctuations on
lakeshore vegetation of three subtropical floodplain lakes, China.
Hydrobiologia, 747:43-52.

200.Pan, B. Z., H. Z. Wang, M. T. Pusch & H. J. Wang. 2015. Macroinvertebrate
responses to regime shifts in subtropical shallow lakes caused by
eutrophication. Freshwater Science 34, 34, 942-952.

201.Cui, Y. D., He, X. B., Peng, Y. & Wang, H. Z. 2015. Records of Naididae
and Lumbriculidae (Clitellata) from Tibet, China, with description of a new
species of Nais. Zootaxa, 3956 (4): 513-530.

202.Wang, H. Z., X. Q. Liu & H. J. Wang, 2015. The Yangtze River-Floodplain:
Threats and Rehabilitation. American Fisheries Society Symposium. (Accepted)

203.H.Z.Wang, H.J.Wang,X.Q.Liu,Y.D.Cui.2015.HOLISTIC MANAGEMENT STRATEGY:
INTEGRATE ENVIRONMENTAL- HYDROLOGICAL ECOLOGICALECONOMIC MEASURESTO CONSERVE
AND REHABILITATE THE YANGTZE LAKEE COSYSTEMS. Resources and Environment in the
Yangtze Basin,24(3):353-357.

204.WANG Bao-Qiang, LIU Xue-Qin1, PENG Zeng-Hui1,YANG Zhen-Dong1.2015.THE
COMMUNITY STRUCTURE OF ZOOBENTHOS IN THE THREE GORGES RESERVIOR: A COMPARISON
BEFORE AND AFTER THE IMPOUNDMENT.ACTA HYDROBIOLOGICA SINICA,39(5):965-972.

205.Xue-Qin LiuChristopher J. GippeHong-Zhu Wang Catherine Leigh & Xiao-Hui
Jiang.2016. Assessment of the ecological health of heavily utilized, large
lowland rivers: example of the lower Yellow River, China.
Limnology,http://dx.DOI 10.1007/s10201-016-0484-9.

206. WANG Haijun,LI Yan,FENG Weisong,YU Qing,XIAO Xucheng,LIANG Xiaomin,SHAO
Jianchun, MA Shuonan, WANG Hongzhu.2016.Can short-term, small experiments
reflect nutrient limitation on phytoplankton in natural lakes? Chinese Journal
of Oceanology and Limnology. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00343-017-5251-1.

207. WANG Haijun, LIANG Xiaomin), WANG Hongzhu.2016.Sustainable fisheries in
shallow lakes: an independent empirical test of the Chinese mitten crab yield
model. Chinese Journal of Oceanology and Limnology.
http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00343-017-6045-1.

208.WANG Haijun, Chi Xu, WANG Hongzhu,Sarian Kosten.2016. Long-term density
dependent effects of the Chinese mitten crab (Eriocheir sinensis (H. Milne
Edwards, 1854)) on submersed macrophytes. Aquatic Botany,
2016http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.aquabot.2016.02.001

210.Hai Jun Wang,Hong Zhu Wang, Xiao Min Liang,Bao Zhu Pan,and Sarian
Kosten.2016.Macrophyte species strongly affects changes in C, N and P stocks
in shallow lakes after a regime shift from macrophyte to phytoplankton
dominance. Inland Waters,6: 449-460.

211. WANG Baoqiang, WANG Hongzhu, CUI Yongde. 2016. Pectinatella magni? ca
(Leidy, 1851) (Bryozoa, Phylactolaemata), a biofouling bryozoan recently
introduced to China.Chinese Journal of Oceanology and
Limnology,http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s00343-017-6052-2.

212.Baozhu Pan, Haijun Wang, Zhiwei Li,Xuan Ban, Xiaomin Liang, and Hongzhu
Wang.2016. Macroinvertebrate assemblages in relation to environments in the
Dongting Lake, with implications for ecological management of river-connected
lakes affected by dam construction. Environmental Progress & Sustainable
Energy, http://dxdoi: 10.1002/ep.12510.

213.WANG Hai-Jun, WANG Hong-Zhu, ZHAO Wei-Hua, SHEN Ya-Qiang, RU Hui-Jun and
LIANG Xiao-Min. 2016.REGULATION OF SEDIMENT AND HYDROLOGICAL PROCESS ON
ECOLOGICAL HEALTH OF THE YELLOW RIVER. ACTA HYDROBIOLOGICA SINICA , 40(5):
294-303.

214.Hai Jun Wang,Xu Cheng Xiao,Hong Zhu Wang,et al..2017. Effects of high
ammonia concentrations on three cyprinid fish: acute and whole-ecosystem
chronic tests. Science Science of the Total Environment. 598: 900-909..

215.WANG Haijun, Chi Xu, WANG Hongzhu,Sarian Kosten.2017.Long-term density
dependent effects of the Chinese mitten crab (Eriocheir sinensis (H. Milne
Edwards, 1854)) on submersed macrophytes, Aquatic Botany,140: 84-91.

216.Hai Jun Wang.2017.Reply to Cao et al.'s comment on "Does the responses of
Vallisneria natans (Lour.) Hara to high nitrogen loading differ between the
summer high-growth season and the low-growth season? Science of the Total
Environment,601C602 (2017) 1513C1521.Science of the Total Environment. 615:
1093-1094.

217.Qing Yu , Hai-Jun Wang, Hong-Zhu Wang, Yan Li, Xiao-Min Liang, Chi Xu,
Erik Jeppesen.2017. Does the responses of Vallisneria natans (Lour.) Hara to
high nitrogen loading differ between the summer high-growth season and the
low-growth season? Science Science of the Total Environment, Science Science
of the Total Environment.601-602: 1513C1521.

218. Yan Lia, Hong Zhu Wanga, Xiao Min Liang, Qing Yu, Xu Cheng Xia , Jian
Chun Shaob, Hai Jun Wang.2017.Total phytoplankton abundance is determined by
phosphorus input: Evidence from an 18-month fertilization experiment in 4
subtropical ponds.. Canadian Journal of Fisheries & Aquatic Sciences, 74 (9):
1454-1461.

219.Xueqin Liua, Zhendong Yang, Saibo Yuana. 2017.Hongzhu Wang. 2017. A novel
methodology for the assessment of water level requirements in shallow lakes.
Ecological Engineering, 102, 31-38.

220.Saibo Yuan, Zhendong Yang, Xueqin Liu1 &,Hongzhu Wang.2017.Key Parameters
of Water Level Fluctuations Determining the Distribution of Carex in Shallow
Lakes, Wetlands, 37, 1005-1014.

221.YU PENG, HONGZHU WANG, YONGDE CUI.207.Four species of Tubifex Lamarck
(Annelida: Oligochaeta: Naididae) from TibetChina. Zootaxa ,
43202366-378.
